Update Packages - warning auth_providers (#27177)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/configuration/packages.markdown

homeassistant:
  customize:
```

> <div class='note warning'>

Reviewer: This `<div>` seems unclosed?

Author: added new line 119

> If you are moving configuration to packages, auth_providers must stay within ‘configuration.yaml’. See [Issue 16441](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/issues/16441) and/ general documentation for [Authentication Providers](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/authentication/providers/#configuring-auth-providers)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are moving configuration to packages, `auth_providers` must stay within ‘configuration.yaml’. See [Issue 16441](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/issues/16441) and the general documentation for [Authentication Providers](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/authentication/providers/#configuring-auth-providers).
```

> If you are moving configuration to packages, `auth_providers` must stay within ‘configuration.yaml’. See [Issue 16441](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/issues/16441) and the general documentation for [Authentication Providers](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/authentication/providers/#configuring-auth-providers).

Reviewer: We should not send end-users into GitHub issues for information. If information from that linked issue is relevant, please add it to the docs and remove the issue link.

Author: removed,, link to auth-providers-doc is enough

> If you are moving configuration to packages, `auth_providers` must stay within ‘configuration.yaml’. See [Issue 16441](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/issues/16441) and the general documentation for [Authentication Providers](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/authentication/providers/#configuring-auth-providers).

Reviewer: The link used to other parts of our documentation must be relative to the root of our website (and not a full link).
`/docs/authentication/providers/#configuring-auth-providers`

Author: corrected

> If you are moving configuration to packages, `auth_providers` must stay within ‘configuration.yaml’. See the general documentation for [Authentication Providers](/docs/authentication/providers/#configuring-auth-providers).
> 
> This is because Home Assistant processes the authentication provided early in the start-up process, even before packages are processed.

Reviewer: Adds new-lines to ensure parsers can switch between HTML and Markdown context.

```suggestion

If you are moving configuration to packages, `auth_providers` must stay within ‘configuration.yaml’. See the general documentation for [Authentication Providers](/docs/authentication/providers/#configuring-auth-providers).

This is because Home Assistant processes the authentication provided early in the start-up process, even before packages are processed.

```

> This is because Home Assistant processes the `auth_provider` during the `core` section loading, which is earlier than the `packages` processing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is because Home Assistant processes the `auth_provider` during the `core` section loading, which is done before the `packages` are processed.
```

> This is because Home Assistant processes the `auth_provider` during the `core` section loading, which is done before the `packages` are processed.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if users realize what "`core` section loading" is. Maye reword this as:

> Home Assistant processes the authentication provided early in the start-up process, even before packages are processed.

Author: me neither ;),,, just copied text from auth-provider-docs,,,, 
Keeping the link/reference to it should be sufficient ?
